Kinetic Text Tags Ren'Py Module 2021 Daniel Westfall <SoDaRa2595@gmail.com>
http://twitter.com/sodara9 I'd appreciate being given credit if you do end up using it! :D Would really make my day to know I helped some people out! Really hope this can help the community create some really neat ways to spice up their dialogue! http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php Github: https://github.com/SoDaRa/Kinetic-Text-Tags itch.io: https://wattson.itch.io/kinetic-text-tags Forum Post: https://lemmasoft.renai.us/forums/viewtopic.php?f=51&t=60527&sid=75b4eb1aa5212a33cbfe9b0354e5376b
Wave Shader Ren'Py Module 2022 Daniel Westfall <SoDaRa2595@gmail.com>
http://twitter.com/sodara9 I'd appreciate being given credit if you do end up using it! :D Would really make my day to know I helped some people out! Really hope this can help the community create some cool visuals! http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php Github: https://github.com/SoDaRa/RenpyWaveShader itch.io: https://wattson.itch.io/renpy-wave-shader Forum Post: https://lemmasoft.renai.us/forums/viewtopic.php?f=51&t=64378
Notes on how to use
Important Part
May 28th 201X
11:18 P.M.
Birdley's Bar
A small dingey bar, kept afloat by its regulars, who have been coming here since before I was even born.
Said regulars are all within their cliques, or are glued to the telly, watching... something.
I sit and stir my Black Russian. Not in idle bordem, but rather in tense, sharp, anxiety.
My mind is racing, soaring through the air, beyond the wit of man.
My mind comes careening back down to reality, when the glass of solitude is shattered by a familiar voice.
Hey.
Mind if I have a seat?
Oh, hey Zeke. Go ahead.
He takes a seat, while gesturing at the waiter
Two glasses of Dom P
Are you mad? How much even is that a glass?
Does this place even carry Dom P?
It doesnt really matter, after all...
Doesn't someone here have a job now?
And didn't two people here just graduate from college?
So we should celebrate. Full stop.
Please dont remind me.
Remind you of what?
I bury my face into the table
Please dont remind me about my job.
What?
I hear two glasses and a bottle hit the table
How can you not like having a job? That makes literally no sense.
I'm just... not a fan of change.
I got used to college, and even moreso to school.
This is just... different. And I really dont like that.
To each their own, I guess.
Exactly. Now can we stop talking about it and just drink?
Fair enough. Cheers.
Cheers.
Our glasses tap, before we take a long sip of the Champage
Wow. This really is good.
See? Worth every penny.
Well I wouldnt say that. A beer is just fine.
We'll switch to beer after this, lets enjoy this while we're still sober.
The night went on long, we drank ceaselessly, while talking about our college memories.
Thinking about college was a nice respite from what was to come tomorrow.
...
...
Ugh...
I roll out of bed, falling onto the floor
I pick myself up, while rubbing my eyes.
Dread strikes as I slowly realize that today
...is the first day of my new life.
After parking my car, I walk over to the front of the building. 
I'm well aware that this is just my own stress messing with me, but the atmosphere here...
It just feels different. Otherworldly, almost.
I collect myself, straighten out my outfit, and walk into the front door.
Upon walking in, I am greeted by a lady sitting at the front desk.
She seems to be flipping through a magazine.
...
Hello, my name is Robin.
...
She picks up the landline phone beside her
Security? Some freakshow just came in and started talking to me.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
...
They seem to be getting aggressive...
I WORK HERE! THIS IS MY FIRST DAY!
I rummage though my bag to grab my ID.
But before I can show it to her, someone comes in and grabs the phone from her hands.
Hello? This is Horace.
Shamir was lying. You don't have to come to the front desk.
They put the phone down into its cradle.
You must be Robin. Nice to meet you.
Yes! I-It's great to meet you too, Horace.
That's Boss to you.
Ah, s-sorry boss.
They step forward and extend their hand, and I reach to shake it.
But I instead grab something fuzzy and soft. I look down at my hand.
I wasn't trying to shake your hand. This is a towel. You're sweating like mad.
H-huh?
Come with me.
They quickly move down the hallway, I wipe my face off with the towel while following them down the hall.
We wisk by endless offices and meeting rooms, only breifly slowing down to turn corners.
This is your office.
G-Got it. Which of the two empty desks is mine?
The one on the right. The left one belongs to the other person starting today.
Oh? There's someone else starting with me?
Yep. And speak of the devil.
Horace steps to the side, as a tall man walks in
This is Taiga. He's the other employee starting today.
Hi. And your name is?
Robin. Nice to meet you!
I extend my hand towards Taiga
Yeah... no. I'm not shaking your hand.
Try not to get in my way, okay?
You should be happy you even get to share an office with me.
Boss, I already finished all of my work for this morning.
I'll be off to get a head start on this afternoon's work.
Impressive, Taiga.
You should learn a thing or two from Taiga, Robin.
Heh, even if Robin tried to be like me, they'd simply fall short.
...This is gonna be a long day.
I'll be off then.
Taiga steps out of the room
Anyways, it would absolutely tickle my dying heart pink to give you a tour, but unfortunately, I have better things to do.
Hey, Claire.
Yes, Hori?
Don't call me that.
Ah, sorry...
Can you give Robin a tour?
Oh! Sure, I can do that.
Alright. I'll be off then
Horace steps out.
Alright! Follow me!
Where have you been so far?
Besides the front desk and the office, nowhere else.
Got it. I'll show you the cafeteria and the way to Hori's office
Actually, I've been meaning to ask, why do you call Horace Hori?
And why do they hate that?
...
...
The air grew unusually thick.
H-Here's the cafe!
Wow! This place looks really nice!
Right? Wanna know what the best part is?
Oh? What's that?
There are cameras around that scan everything you eat and drink...
And they automatically deduct the price of what you ate from your salary!
Isn't the information age just the best!?
Yeah... the best! Hahaha!
Welp! Next is your boss' office.
If all goes well, you'll never have to set foot in there again.
And that's a very big if, mind you.
Gulp...
And here we are! Hi Horace!
What are you two doing here.
We're on the tour, Robin has to know where their boss' office is!
I see. Did you need anything else?
N-No... Not really...
Then get out. The tour is over.
Horace shoves both Claire and I out of the office.
Oof!
SLAM
Welp! Guess the tour is over then!
Let's head back to our desks and get to work.
I plop down into my chair and face my computer.
...It seems like Horace has already given me a lot of things to do.
Welp, time to get to it...
Phew... finally lunch time.
I could get to know my coworkers better if I talked to them during lunch...
Phew. That's this morning's work done and dusted!
How are you holding up, Taiga?
...
Hmph, what do you think? I did all my work flawlessly an hour ago.
Figures.
Hey, by the way, where did you go to college?
I got a scholarship to Flitington, how about you?
Flitington?
W-Wow, I've never met someone who went to Flitington.
Naturally, we're the best of the best.
I went to Blighty U, I had a great time there.
Heh, Blighty? That preschool?
I'm shocked 
